Reporting Dashboard - DAG Run Details update (#3484)
astronomer/docs: astro/reporting-dashboard.md

:::

### Create an SLA simulation

Use this view to check how frequently your Organization meets your SLA obligations, or to identify if specific SLAs are breached.

To simulate an SLA, you must first define an SLA and then apply it to specific DAGs.

1. Select the **Time Period** over which you want to look at the DAG run data.
2. Choose the **DAG ID** that you want to check DAG run completion times for. If you have a large number of DAGs in your Organization, you can first filter by **Workspace Name** and **Deployment Name** before choosing your DAG ID.

> 3. Choose the metric you want to use to summarize your DAG run end time, such as the **Average** or **Median** DAG run end time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the **Compute** section, choose the method that the dashboard uses to summarize your DAG run end times. For example, if you select **Median**, the dashboard shows the medium DAG run end time for each time interval.
```

> 4. Choose how you want to aggregate the data by **Month**, **Week**, or **Day**. The default is **Week**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the **Display by** section, choose whether you want to aggregate the data by **Month**, **Week**, or **Day**. The default is **Week**.
```

> 3. Define the **SLA Time (UTC)**
> 4. Choose the time interval you want to aggregate the data with by choosing **Day**, **Week**, or **Month** in **Display by**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Specify the **SLA Time (UTC)** to compare with your DAG run end times.
```

> The report generates two graphs. The first shows the computed **DAG Run End Time** of the DAG, such as the **Average End Time**, compared to the **SLA** time you defined. The second chart shows a summary of the DAG run duration in minutes, based on the **Compute** selection you made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The report generates two graphs. The first shows your summarized **DAG Run End Times** compared to the **SLA** time you defined. The second chart shows a summary of the same DAG runs, but charts their run time using duration instead of end time.
```
